MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Bennett Wendorf

The following license information applies to much of this repository, with a 
few notable exceptions. Namely, the 'wallpapers' directory contains images that 
I may not have rights to as described in the README.md file in that directory.
As stated there, if any of the images in that directory belong to you and you
would like them excluded from this repository, please let me know and I will 
remove them as quickly as I am able. These may not be the only aspects of this
repository that have code from elsewhere, but I will do my best to add README
files in any location where I have borrowed code. Again, please let me know 
if there are any violations of usage rights that need to be addressed.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
